[Documentation] Issue tracker help markdown (#6600)
aces/Loris: modules/issue_tracker/help/issue.md

# Issue Tracker: Add or Edit Issue

On this page, you can submit and edit issues. Populate or modify the fields in this page and click **Submit Issue**. Note that you cannot submit PSCIDs from sites you don't have access to.

> ## Watching list ##

Reviewer: does this render correctly with the `##` at the end? It looks like a typo.

# Issue Tracker: Add or Edit Issue

On this page, you can submit and edit issues.

> Then, populate the fields and click **Submit Issue**. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Populate or modify the fields in this page and click **Submit Issue**. 
```
